# Imperium Phantasia
Imperium Phantasia (working title) is a fantasy 4x game centeImperium Phantasia (working title) is a Fantasy 4x game (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate). It centers around founding a kingdom, exploring the world, then forming alliances or making enemies of other nations.  The intent is to make a game that is streamlined enough to be relatively easy to pick up for new players, but have enough depth to entertain all but the most hardcore 4x gamers.  The world will be rendered (in the final product) in 3D with a bird’s eye view. Elements which are somewhat universal across all 4x games include: Cities which can be settled and/or found by players, Units which are recruited in cities by players and can move about the map, upgrades which can be built in cities to improve them in specific ways. Some examples of game mechanics not universal to all 4x games include: Ability to recruit and equip heroes to fight for you, Multiple ‘worlds’ which can be traveled between, optional fine-control modes which allow for micro/macro management options, a unique system of government/law management, multiple deities with corresponding religions which have many tangible mechanical impact, and cultural alignment.

The game is all about letting you decide how complicated it is. Just like a real ruler, you can (and sometimes should) let your advisors and other subordinates handle things. But you also don't have to.  If you just want to build some cities and explore the world, you can give vague orders to your treasurer and stuart, like "keep the peace, make sure our way of life doesn’t change, and build on trade and our cities as you can" then just let them handle production, cultural decisions, and the cultural/economic laws of your nation. You then can focus more on branching out and exploring, and look over a report they bring you every so many turns. Or not.

### Note:
The game is in the earliest stages of development, and has little more than some menus, networking, game instantiation, and unit/pathfinding. Moreover, the folder and overarching structure of the source is messy, and will be frequently changing as it develops. I am however trying to keep the code at a good compromize between maintainability, efficiency, and productivity (at the end of the day, the best solution is the finished and functional one). I welcome any feedback.


### License:
Presently the code is available publicly for demonstration purposes. However, I (Brad Petry) retain all rights to the code at present otherwise, unless specified in an individual source file. Copyright 2015 Brad Petry.
